Yo mama is so fat that her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama is so fat that when she was diagnosed with a flesh-eating disease, the doctor gave her ten years to live.
Yo mama is so fat that the National Weather Service names each one of her farts.
Yo mama is so fat that when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell 'taxi!'.
Yo mama is so fat that she sat on a dollar and squeezed a booger out of George Washington's nose.
Yo mama is so fat that when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
Yo mama is so fat that when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Yo mama is so fat that she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
Yo mama is so fat that she left the house in high heels and came back wearing flip flops.
Yo mama is so fat that people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama is so fat that she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for the New World.
Yo mama is so fat that when she walked in front of the TV, I missed 3 seasons of Seinfeld.
Yo mama is so fat that you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through!
Yo mama is so fat that that when she sits on the beach, Greenpeace shows up and tries to tow her back into the ocean...
Yo mama is so fat that when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too.
Yo mama is so fat that when she talks to herself, it is a long distance call.
Yo mama is so fat that the last time she saw 90210, it was on a scale.
Yo mama is so fat that light bends around her.
Your momma's so greasy she got a job at the cinema - buttering popcorn with her leg hair.
Your momma's so greasy the chip shop uses her sweat as Deep Fry.
Your momma's so greasy her idea of bottled water is the left over oil slime from a bacon, sausage and egg fry up.
Your momma's so greasy she uses bacon as a band aid.
Your momma's so greasy her freckles slipped off.
Your momma's so greasy she sweats butter, syrup, excretes jam...and has a full time job at the 'Pancake Palace' wiping pancakes across her forhead.
Yo Mama's so dumb i told her Christmas was around the corner, and she went lookin'.
Yo Mama's so dumb that she tripped over a cordless phone.
Your Mama's so dumb that she got smacked by a statue.
Yo Mama's so dumb she got locked in a toilet and pissed herself.
Yo Mama's so dumb , I told her she lost her mind, and she started looking for it.
Your Mama's so dumb, she tried to commit suicide off a sidewalk.
Yo Mama's so dumb she got hit by a parked car.
Yo Mama's so dumb when she went to a football game she thought the quarter back was a refund!
Yo Mama's so dumb she stole a free sample.
Yo Mama's so dumb she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer.
Yo Mama's so dumb she waited all day at a stop sign.
Yo Mamma's so stupid she got locked in publix and starved to death.
Yo Mamma's so stupid she blinked and got lost.
Yo Mamma's so stupid that she got run over by a parked car.
Yo Mamma's so stupid she blinked and got lost.
Yo Mamma's so stupid that when I told her we needed gas for the car, she farted at the gas tank!
Yo Mamma's so stupid that when she goes to a movie theatre and saw under 18 not admitted, she went home and got 17 of her friends.
Yo Mamma's so stupid she stayed in the grocery store for one day looking at a can of orange juice just because it said concentrate.
Yo Mamma's so stupid she went to an antique store and said what's new
